---
title: "Bloody Civilians"
date: "2009-02-01"
category: "essay"
description: "I mean this has been bothering me for quite some time now. The huge disconnect between people's perception of people in the armed forces and the actual people in the armed forces."
genre: "Personal Essay, Unfiltered"
audience: "For people who appreciate honesty that has not been run through a PR filter."
originalUrl: "https://whabook.blogspot.com/2009/02/bloody-civilians.html"
source: "blog"
readTime: "3 min"
penName: "Athul DeMarco"
---

I mean this has been bothering me for quite some time now. The huge disconnect between people's perception of people in the armed forces and the actual people in the armed forces. I mean there is one segment of people, people who are basically hailing from the rural parts of India where Army or any of the other (lower) armed forces was looked upon with a sense of glamour which it had because of its association of war, bravery and perks for life. If you consider that people's fortunes depended on the timely arrival of monsoons in these areas, a steady job with perks was something which was considered as godsend. And given the reasonably decent physical standards one had to pass only added to its glamour by making it slightly unattainable to the junta. 
And then there is another segment of these rich upper class dudes, who basically looked upon the pay an officer or a jawan made. Screw them anyway, they are not the reason why I am irked…
I am irked by these bunch of girls who find the whole table manners and the funda of addressing a lady as Ma'am in a lady's presence, standing up when a lady joins the table and standing up again when she leaves the table as 'HOT'. I mean give me a fucking break… I mean yes, that is decorum which is expected from an officer of the Indian Armed Forces. And this courtesy is extended to any lady who is in physical sight of an officer. Even though the armed forces expects you to behave in a dignified manner, I know for a fact, having been behind the armed forces line, that this is just one big assed farce we guys play when we guys are in mufti. And as soon as the lady leaves the room, talk turns to how to bang that b**** (I never say the B word to a woman) brains out, which is further discussed with military precision and strategies are formulated. I for one have recently have been hearing up to no end about this one dude who does the whole courtesy bit because that is what the armed forces has taught him. 
Well, apparently the armed forces has also taught this dude that only when you are in the company of others should you wipe your ass after shitting and whilst you shit at home, it is perfectly fine for one to leave it sticking to one's bums. What pisses me off is that women, who are supposed to such good judges of character and shit can't see through this façade and keep talking as if this is the next big thing since Lalu Prasad Yadav turned to contraceptives. I mean, right now I am a civilian, as good as any of you guys, but I don't let myself or my panties tied into a knot because somebody just opened the door for them. Fuck! I ask you, when a civilian does that, they label him as a weird, stiff, polite dude… 
I mean, I am a potty mouth, as potty as they make, but I still have these army courtesies but since I am in mufti and I don't play the army card it is just plain random shit. I mean give me a break people…you can't be so fucking dumb or blind to these things now can you… If Paris Hilton suddenly did a Mother Theresa would you buy the act? I am guessing you will… which is the reason why I am so fucking pissed…and yes I know you will be pissed too when you read this…but you know what… I call a spade a spade… I don't bull shit behind your back… I have learnt things in the army and I am going to stick to it…I guess people like Nafisa Ali who has been in the whole Paris Hilton world does the Mother Theresa act nobody gives a flying fuck… I am pissed at people buying into hypocritical bullshit and believing that is the truth… Aren't the people in US of fucking A realize that after the whole Bush debacle? But I don't think people will ever learn now will they? 
AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! FUCK!
