---
title: "So guess where I am?"
date: "2008-08-01"
category: "essay"
description: "Back at the airport, there is something about this airport which just makes me write, about what? I really don't have a bleeding clue, but still it's nice to take out your laptop and pretend that you got shit loads of work to do and shit."
genre: "Personal Essay, Unfiltered"
audience: "For people who appreciate honesty that has not been run through a PR filter."
originalUrl: "https://whabook.blogspot.com/2008/08/so-guess-where-i-am.html"
source: "blog"
readTime: "5 min"
penName: "Athul DeMarco"
---

Yup! Back at the airport, there is something about this airport which just makes me write, about what? I really don't have a bleeding clue, but still it's nice to take out your laptop and pretend that you got shit loads of work to do and shit. Anyway few things have hit me in the last couple of hours (which would encompass the entire journey from home to the airport which takes about an hour and half at 4 in the morning) that if I meet my younger self who is say about 7-8 years younger to me; I am going to be so embarrassed by him. I mean I was bad to the point of giving a new meaning to the word pathetic itself. 
I mean where do I begin, my stupid idea of what would appeal to women and in turn making me a chick attracting magnet, or the fact that I truly believed that I am going to be the youngest Nobel prize laureate (ok the second part is not so stupid, I still believe in that), the way I used to behave, the number of lies I used to say, the way I used to handle the fights at home or how I thought playing commando was fun/thrilling/exciting (no, not going commando, though that too was a fun phase in college). But coming to think about it, I was not so bad after all, I did have a mean arm when it came to scaring batsmen facing me (I think I still have that) I was creative if I can say so myself, I found relationships where none existed only to be proved right. I think the things which I cringe thinking about, like how I approached this really awesomely hot chick only to have her tell me how she thought of me as a brother, or the way I took the news of my best friend going out with my ex-girlfriend when I was still recovering with my first break up. It's not that couple of years down the line when I read this post I will cringe at how stupid I was but how stupid I am now. I will probably think how stupid I was to think of quitting my job in a company which is chilled out (this is relative of course) all because of one really arrogant prick, or how hard I had been for me to finally get over this 'big' relationship and stupid I had been to break up with a sweet heart of a person over the blog. Not only will I think that I was stupid but also how mean I was. But I think I will like the same things about me in the future, you know about how difficult people find it just forget everything and move on with their life. 
Anyway, I am drunk out of my senses, and I kept the windows in the bus open, I did not even realize it was cold till I lost all feeling on the entire left facial muscles. I thought it was cool, well I know weird isn't it for me to think it's weird and shit, well you know, it is me after all, drunk on top of that. This is what I hate you know, there are these million thoughts you wanted to write when you cannot and when you really get to write them they just crawl right back in, don't me where though. So anyway, listening to 'the calling' no not the spiritual kind or any other kind but the band. Oh! And I almost got killed by bunch of wild dogs on my way to the bus stop in the morning, but nothing much I just out ran them; well that's what super heroes do don't they. 
Anyway, this is how my itinerary stands at the moment, today (Saturday) and tomorrow will be in Mumbai and then on Monday take the early morning flight to Jaipur, have to tell you, I am in love with that city, love at first sight, just like I fell in love with Delhi. And will be back to Bangalore via the first flight out of Jaipur on Wednesday ('BIG' boss doesn't want me to waste working hours it seems, sonofagun doesn't realize I work fucking Saturday's and Sundays). 
Anyway, coming back to Jaipur, the love of my life at the moment, when I landed there and took the cab to my hotel, and I couldn't help but think that the place looks like one of those places you watch whizz past you when you are in train and are watching places, people and time go pass you with a smile (or a melancholic/murderous look all depends, if you just got shouted at by somebody for example your father). And then I went deeper and deeper into the city and I couldn't help but notice the roads and the buildings, most of them being government were HUGE. And the look of that place was so similar to Delhi, I don't if the cows sleeping blissfully in the middle of the road made me smile or the abuses people were hurling at each other, LOVED IT! Will come back someday and stay here for couple of months just for fuck sake and get to know this city like I get to know all my girlfriends. :P
I cannot believe that I had so much to write about and now nothing is coming back and I really don't feel like shutting the laptop down, have to wait for a whole hour and there is no smoking zone in this stupid airport. Why can't people have smoker friendly places just like you have fucking non-smoking friendly places. Irritating, that's exactly what it is. Bleeding hell. Someday soon I will be on the other side of the glass wall in the actual international airport, going off, someplace, anyplace. Just not anymore domestic flights, and I would like to fly business class (think that's the new first class). Should have made myself French toast in the morning, now I am hungry and a single Vada and 2 Idli's cost 100 bucks. I mean you get the same shit for 18 bucks. But hey, when you doing things, got to do it with style otherwise should not do it at all. Think I will go find something to eat, won't drink because if I drink something then I would want to have a smoke and that would mean me talking about how stupid the entire airport is if they couldn't think of a fucking smoking zone in this huge fucking place, and then that would mean that the cops get suspicious of me and since I am not exactly what you would say easy on the eyes, they would definitely take me in for questioning, which would be fun for a while I guess. But you know I realized something else as well, airport is the only place which is milling with people even at 4 in the morning, and am not talking about people half drooling down their chins and walking around like zombies but like walk-walk. Should come down sometime with somebody who is nice for company at the airport, when I don't have to catch a flight and just have coffee, talking about company, the firang looks cute think will go talk to her and I know in all certainty she will want to go back to her book or even better go to sleep. I told you, I was stupid, I am stupid, and hopefully I remain one. =)  
Leaving for mission "Angrezoon airport chodo and ghar chalo" with the background music being 'Elderly woman behind the counter – Pearl Jam' on my IPod.
