---
title: "Statement of Purpose..."
date: "2007-08-01"
category: "essay"
description: "Brutal Honesty will help. Dear Sir/Madam, 'Why does he want to work as a Research Analyst?' These are probably the words running through your mind right now."
genre: "Essay"
audience: "For people who like reading someone think out loud, unedited and unapologetic."
originalUrl: "https://whabook.blogspot.com/2007/08/statement-of-purpose.html"
source: "blog"
readTime: "4 min"
penName: "Athul DeMarco"
---

Brutal Honesty will help. As Always.

 Dear Sir/Madam,                                'Why does he want to work as a Research Analyst?' These are probably the words running through your mind right now.

In fact, these are the only words that are running through my head right now as well. And interestingly, the constant resounding echo of these same words is the reason why I am writing this statement of purpose in the first place. A while ago Jim Morrison probably felt the same when he said "I'm interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos, especially activity that appears to have no meaning. To me it seems to be the road toward freedom." I have always been interested in anything and everything, especially the things which people used to wrap their heads around; and the more I read, the more I began asking myself "What kind of job will pay you to think?"

Since the Internet and the people I asked at that point of time were not of much assistance to me in providing a solution, when the time came for me to take up a job I took up jobs, where I will not consider my efforts as work because that was my way of life since childhood. Being born to an Indian Army officer has its perks other than the ones granted by the government and I used to revel in meeting new people and traveling all around the country. All this used to excite me all right but I wasn't really passionate about meeting people or traveling, I used to love doing all that but there is difference between love and passion. When you are in love it opens up your eyes to a whole new world; when you are passionate you are blinded.  \u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Arial\"\> \u003c/span\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Arial\"\>It is probably understandable as to why for the past one year since I began working, I\nhave shown more inconsistency and reflected more instability than the Indian cricket team. I have changed 3\ndifferent jobs in well under a year. I was enjoying my work, but\nnothing really used to excite me the way a kid gets excited when Santa\nClaus is expected to give him gifts. The mad fanatical zeal towards my work was\nmissing and I was feeling very unhappy about it. \u003cbr\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Arial\"\>\u003cbr\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Arial\"\>\nAnd so began the journey of\nintrospection where I really asked myself 'What is it that \u003cspan style\u003d\"font-style:italic\"\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-style:italic\"\>y\u003c/span\>ou are passionate\nabout\u003c/span\>?' ' What is it that you \u003cspan style\u003d\"font-style:italic\"\>really\u003c/span\> want to do?' with special emphasis on\nthe really part. All I could come up with was the mental exercise of\ndismantling things up in my head and reconstructing them back. These things\nranged from human relations to toy guns, from traffic jams to aero-dynamics. With whatever evidence I could gather at that point of time I would go\nabout this little game I used to play, where I would go about envisaging things. Suddenly I\nrealized that if I wanted to have a fitful sleep at night, the sleep of man\nhappy with the knowledge that he is doing a job which he absolutely loves and\nis pretty good at. And no amount of money in this world can buy a man who feels\nindolent at work, this peaceful sleep of utter bliss. \u003c/span\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>",1] );  //-->      It is probably understandable as to why for the past one year since I began working, I have shown more inconsistency and reflected more instability than the Indian cricket team. I have changed 3 different jobs in well under a year. I was enjoying my work, but nothing really used to excite me the way a kid gets excited when Santa Claus is expected to give him gifts. The mad fanatical zeal towards my work was missing and I was feeling very unhappy about it.      And so began the journey of introspection where I really asked myself 'What is it that you are passionate about?' 'What is it that you really want to do?' with special emphasis on the really part. All I could come up with was the mental exercise of dismantling things up in my head and reconstructing them back. These things ranged from human relations to toy guns, from traffic jams to aero-dynamics. With whatever evidence I could gather at that point of time I would go about this little game I used to play, where I would go about envisaging things. Suddenly I realized that if I wanted to have a fitful sleep at night, the sleep of man happy with the knowledge that he is doing a job which he absolutely loves and is pretty good at. And no amount of money in this world can buy a man who feels indolent at work, this peaceful sleep of utter bliss.    \n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Arial\"\> \u003c/span\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Arial\"\>I urge you to consider me to work in your esteemed\norganization. I urge you to grant me sleep which every man truly craves for. If\nI can quote D.H Lawrence here just to emphasis my point just a wee bit more,\u003c/span\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Arial\"\> \u003c/span\>\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-family:Georgia\"\>"And\nif tonight my soul may find her peace\u003cbr\>\nin sleep, and sink in good oblivion,\u003cbr\>\nand in the morning wake like a new-opened flower\u003cbr\>\nthen I have been dipped again in God, and new-created."\u003cbr\>\n\u003cbr\>\n\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-size:9.5pt;font-family:Arial\"\>Hoping to hear from you soon. \u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\n\n\u003cp style\u003d\"margin:0in 0in 0.0001pt\"\>\u003cspan style\u003d\"font-size:9.5pt;font-family:Arial\"\>\u003cbr\>\nRegards,\u003cbr\>\nArvind\u003c/span\>\u003c/p\>\u003cspan\>\n\n\u003cp\> \u003c/p\>\u003c/span\>\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>\u003c/span\>",1] );  //-->    I urge you to consider me to work in your esteemed organization. I urge you to grant me sleep which every man truly craves for. If I can quote D.H Lawrence here just to emphasis my point just a wee bit more,     "And if tonight my soul may find her peace
in sleep, and sink in good oblivion,
and in the morning wake like a new-opened flower
then I have been dipped again in God, and new-created."  Hoping to hear from you soon.   
Regards,
Arvind
